Hi Mridula/Maidan/Galti/Bestie/Girlie...!

In trying to find all the possible different nicknames I could come up 
with to make fun of you, I realized that it was practically impossible.
You are so many different things to me. You will always be one of my best 
friends, but also a person I can always depend on to make me smile, a person 
that I can text randomly and expect a response and most importantly, someone 
who I can without doubt say inspires me everyday. Looking forward to 
calling youn on fridays makes even the worst weeks bearable.

I know the last few months have not been easy. But I just want 
you to know that I am really proud of you in every way imaginable!
One of the long friday calls we had, you asked me whether I read 
the letters you wrote me when I felt down. Its not just the letters but
reminiscing every experience we had together always lightens my day 
and makes everyday that much easier. I will forever be grateful for 
every moment we spent together.

I added some videos below. I hope this can be something that you can look 
at when you feel down and feel the same way I do about the letters you 
wrote me. Anywho, in a video, you ask me "do you think this place will 
change?". The more I reflect on it, the more I realized that despite 
physical distance and all the change in our lives, I am glad that you 
remained a constant. But I dont think it will ever be the same without you :)

I guess what I'm trying to say is that despite everything that happens and 
all the change, I hope that I can be someone who can witness the great things 
you will for sure accomplish in your life. I am truly lucky to be friends 
with someone with someone so affectionate and caring.

Most importantly thank you so much for initiating everything! From walking 
through drottninggatan the first time we met, to going to Moderna together 
and sitting together on the sickla pier; there are so many experiences that 
I dont think I would have ever had the opportunity to live through if it 
were not for you. Despite all the struggles, your cheerful attitude 
was and still is very comforting and warm. 

The past summer was really fun and special and I hope we can
spend more time like that together! Dont take too much stress and
take care of your health! Whatever is on your mind, always know that
there is someone (hint: me) waiting to hear about it; whether it be an lnat 
essay topic or the most npc jokes ever. Also I really think you should 
start a youtube/mukbang channel.... 

Cant wait to tease you in real life,

Anirdesh (Your #1 biggest fan)
